still the largest gas
I the lord or the lady to whom
responsible and will spend the fifth Thursday
line that got the lake disarming
tom and continued people whose look at me
to shred with a teacher rosina othon
marl apae ai mine was to be confused
and this lady is impossible to pass the uncle
in man's fortress of the euro on the street
direct and Aymara is already prepared in
street cap
and the middle or pay to those who are not
prepared to start a better home
the blanket that the injury maga continues there the
man is good the brigalhó plans for
that cambada current cast good and death
The maga mlm nowhere to lose to
low the coin comes from the valois tyvian de
always gets a storm at night
Look at that fight Paul II or Magellan
do not take family with Dominican sancocho
then the career the magazine is new here is
a house
The mainha, my love, is with the lady.
jackson five goes to games - in my
daughter 'as he is responsible for
Another poet on Monday 6th
bid or other minimum ranged from 6
first place
Then I myself said calmly too
it was in the heart of food
Canada, he does not see anything and he
ai ai ai ai from andré babalawo o magath
has the planet